---
layout: post
title:  秋风
date:  2024-09-12
tag: 坡人日记
---

I returned not long after the solstice from the fleeting brilliance of summer in the boreal realms, to the sultry overcast skies of post tropical storm. The winds were light and variable; the showers and sunshine non-commital; the Southern Cross feeble yet culminating in the hazy nights. 

I threw myself into 12 weeks of motion, countless meetings, outings, people - all that seemed like the hustle - and indeed, some things did come out of it; but then again, perhaps the experience was the end in itself. (Save for a week's escape to Taiwan - a story for another time) The days blur into each other ever so naturally as the pastel colours of an oil painting - the details blur under inspection and yet, seem obvious from afar. 

For the first 6 weeks we barely made any progress, whileing the time away with idle activities. Work arrives in spurts like that of a pulses of ketchup from an empty container - nothing is given or done until you press too hard. At least we had something to deliver, I suppose, and I had a hundred pages of verbiage on paper to show for my efforts. 

Now as I step out of the sterility of the office into the embrace of nature it is all but the same heat and humidity, yet the subtle shifts in the environment reveal themselves to the perceptive. South-western winds have strengthened noticeably, once-in-a-while the passage of a tempestous Sumatran squall presades a breezy day of balmy breeze. Scorpius, Saggitarius - the gates to the Milky Ways - sink ever lower in the evening sky, replaced by the dim, evanescent stars of the northern autumn. 

The monsoon! Winds that mark the seasons of the tropics in lieu of the sun. The southwestern monsoon - an enlightened monarch (compared to its feisty northeastern cousin) - a new regnum of the air - tempering the rage of the sun on the subtropical lands - a soothing whisper of serenity from the vast Southern oceans. 