---
layout: post
title:  牛镇叙事
date:  2024-11-10
tag: 坡人日记
---

Unsurprisingly, my desire to keep a record of my existence has abated with the hustle of the Oxford term. What fleeting thoughts or profound contemplations I might have had are all but drowned out by the white noise of background processing needed for going through the motions of a busy academic and social life. Don't expect much insight from my ramblings here - perhaps those may surface in retropection at a quieter time - I merely humble to offer the most superficial narrations of the first month of Michaelmas 2024. 

It started with an atypical (relative to my understanding of the English climate) bout of chill, a few days of jetlag, proceeded by my running of the Oxford half-marathon at a pace I am typically incapable of. First week was fun with the freshers and minor episodes of drinking, with the obligatory exposure to the annual serotype of the flu coupled with the most contagious of newcomers. (Fortunate that my vaccination worked this time round)

2nd week ended with another race - this time orienteering - which was more of a mapreading exercise with jogging as a side-effect. 

Halloween and fireworks formed the highlights of third week. A thick fog descended on 31 October and the skies have been cloudy ever since. The Saturday was burnt on a cyling expedition to Clarkson's farm during which my pedal was brutally destroyed and I made the last 10km to Oxford on foot - never again! 

4th week - Nothing too interesting, went on a run on Saturday and discovered a new path leading down the southern side of Wytham woods that cuts straight to Botley. 

Accomodations this year's pretty spacious - through there are some compromises to be made in a shared living arrangement. Ah well, I've lived in more crowded places before and it's fine. 