---
layout: post
title:  营
date:  2024-09-12
tag: 坡人日记
---

Yesterday I found myself on the road again after a brief hiatus on cycling brought on by my work commitments. And in departure from my usual routines I decided to take the bike on its virgin tour of the great North-western countryside - a road I've always been reluctant to try due the propensity of jaded truckers and wannabe drag racers speeding down the novelty that is the only major single-lane road running through this forgotten part of the country. 

A virgin trip for the bike indeed! But surely not one for its trusty captain who has taken this same voyage on many, many other ships. A state of semi-exile he lived in for almost 14 months in the fringe of civilisation, of a no-mans-land whose only colour is the tropical green of the foliage, whose only sound is the roar of tanks and jets, whose only smell is the fragrance of chicken excrement. Here one lives in the utmost austerity in the face of the unbridled hostility of his environment. What did I have to lose but my chains? 

The state of nature is nasty and brutish - so it goes. But I must is disagree. Nature - in its most pristine state - is merely apathetic. The climate, topology, flora and fauna simply ignore any miniscule human influence - much as our bodies ignore the fate of a single bacterium in our microbiome. It is only when humans make a half-arsed effort to colonise nature for our own that nature rears its ugly head and conspires to make life as unpleasant as it can be. 

Perhaps you have not seen the concrete monstrosity that is Sungei Gedong. A menangerie of various armoured things that mostly move, occassionally shoot, and never fight. Except against the jungles, of course - and that is where you see the most perverse things when machine and nature displace the very last shreds of humanity our in the field. 

We fight a relentless war against the grass and trees. How many times have I flattened a field of the most obstinate grass with my 20-tonne steed. Oh the smells they emit as their stems are crushed - not stinky in the traditional sense - but a mix of the most irritating scent of fresh leaves with the overpowering stench of some unknown mix of spices; and the hairy nettles that embed themselves into bare skin as you wade through the aftermath of half-broken stems - springing up immediately after driving off as if the 20 tonnes sitting on them wasn't much more than the mass of a bumblebee. As for the trees ensnared in vines (or should I say vines with the inconvenience of a tree within them) - how wickedly they have evolved - too springy to chop off with a quick swing of a machete, too strong to simply crush or tear, just the right length to get caught in everything except for themselves. And the ones just fragile enough to be hacked off - out of them oozes the most bitter sap I've ever had the misfortune of tasting in my life - takes 6 hours or so for the aftertaste to completely clear your palate. 