---
layout: post
title:  牛镇叙事
date:  2024-12-08
tag: 坡人日记
---

I can't believe I've procrastinated this for so long, but it would be a shame for the stories of this term to go to the waste in the recesses of long-term memory. And what better time to start than on the final minutes of my year spent on British - no - English soil in the depths of Heathrow (for I've barely ventured out of the land of St George's cross) - and when my experience is pervaded by the underlying English setting and English culture. 

And what not to love about England? English weather, English towns, English people (well it depends) and the familiarity of the English language which has all but colonised the substrate of my thoughts. (An aside - why do I call it a colonisation? While, because the outsider has yet to be naturalised, once in a while the natives make their presence known with an inadvertently slip into a Chinese expression uncannily apt for the occasion. On the few reservations where the natives remain they retain their ancestral knowledge of semantic land) A terrible storm has blown through Oxford over the past few days - a perfect Victorian experience of rattling windows, howling winds and insidious drafts complemented the vintage Victorian history of my room. 

Right - now I've gotten myself on the plane - imminently losing touch with the English soil! Back to the weather again, there was a flurry of snow in Week 6 - yes 19 November on Tuesday - that date is indelibly etched in my mind as the first snow I saw in Oxford. And how ephemereal it was 


