---
layout: post
title:  The Ideal
date:  2024-09-26
tag: 情骚
---

Ever since my encounter with her 5 (nearly 6!) years ago I've never quite developed the same level of attraction for any other girl. One year of the pandemic, two years of the army, then one year of odd jobs and one year of university - perhaps there hasn't been enough time, perhaps I haven't met enough people, and perhaps what I look for in women has been forever coloured by what I saw in her, and perhaps the years of maturity have slowly doused whatever flames of passsion that once burned within - the living, flickering lights of love replaced by sterile, flourescent illumination of enlightenment. 

Never again have I allowed passion to gain administrator access the central nervous device we call the brain, and I suspect - even if passion must have some sort of biological superuser priviledges hard-wired into the most primal part of the brain - that mine has no motivation to break free of its shackles though it is clearly capable of doing so. And in so doing passion has become a willing captive of the higher conscience. 

To put it bluntly, I've somehow ceased to develop strong feelings of desire for anyone. Jaded am I by the torment of my passions have put me through, the convulsions of emotion, the sentimentalisation of the past, that I'm determined to keep it in check from now on. 

With the superego clear of the interference of the id, it is free to come up with an objective assessment of what makes a person attractive to me, in short how I should answer in earnest whenever people ask (and they do often ask) about my "type". 

What I look for in women is still very much motivated by what I saw in her, owing to the unnaturally strong and lasting reaction it incited. What I have searched for in a person's inner world up to this point in my life, mostly in vain, is a vast resevoir of 内涵, best rendered as "substance". It entails a deep level of intelligence, of contemplation, of critical reasoning to understand the world in its multi-faceted way - at the very least, an appreciation of these abilities. It goes beyond the qualities that may be described as 'sharp' or 'clever', for these qualities, though displayed in great abundance by many women, are merely superficial exemplifications of a competent mind. I admit that what I am demanding is nebulous, but it's something that can surely be identified by a contemplative mind of the same calibre. 

And in terms of the physical appearance I am not one to cast formulaic judgments on facial features or the size of certain body parts. I am of the view that all appearances which we find attractive are mere biological proxies of (reproductive) health. And this in turn justifies my judgments of certain physical traits that are clearly unfavourable - being under/over-weight, the inability to tolerate environmental discomfort (for those that spend the vast majority of their lives in climate-controlled cocoons), atrophied musculature and weak cardiovascular outpuy etc. And obviously it is not just health in the narrow sense of being medically in the clear, or exceedingly fertile, but on top of that there has to be a certain vitality in the way of life - what the French aptly term 'joie de vivre'. 

The combination of superior health and contemplative mind is surprisingly rare among the female population at large. 