---
layout: post
title: 大年初一
date:  2025-01-29
tag: 坡人日记
---

过年了！

And so it is in a foreign land, where it scarcely matters. 

Well, if it matters to anyone, here's what I was up to in the past 15 days since coming. 

14/01 - Flight

15/01 - Moving in, walked around the meadow with Nic. 

16/01 - Collections 1

17/01 - Collections 2

18/01 - Started on 酒酿

19/01 - 

20/01 - 

21/01 - 

22/01 - 

23/01 - 

24/01 - Trip to Birmingham with Ruixuan, Chuyang, Emmy, Nebula. Pool afterwards - something brewing between RX and N. 

25/01 - 三国杀 in the evening. Rainy day otherwise. Made a regrettable decision to eat out for brunch - tasted the same but for triple the price. Never again! 

26/01 - 

27/01 - 

28/01 - Work in the afternoon, then 1525 dinner and 年夜饭 in Staverton. Brought the 酒酿 there - well received. Had an interesting lesson in dragon dance by Yi Lin. 

29/01 - Skipped my first lecture, went for a interesting seminar with a Japanese professor who about explaining the question-order effect and replicable repeated responses by modelling human preferences by mixed quantum state and questioning by a general quantum instrument. Never really thought about this before - worth a review. Spent the night in Magdalen in Elaina's room having a imprompto karaoke - was meant to be a session of Figgy but turned out otherwise. 

30/01 - Lunch with Judy. Had an interesting conversation about politics but we were sadly interrupted. Went on a long run in the afternoon to Wytham woods - achieved a respectable time. 

31/01 - 

01/02 - Whole day devoted to OAF - quant research lecture series went well despite the broken facilities in Brasenose. Pizza for dinner, depressing since I missed informal. Into the Woods was a rather peculiar musical I watched in the evening. 三国杀 again, met David Li from Univ. 

02/02 - Beautiful day trip to the Brill windmill with Alex. Sunny, cloudless skies. Had a great potluck dinner in Iffley with Enyu. RX must have had an excellent evening with Orion. 

03/02 - Spent the whole day out - Lunch at St Johns and Taylorian for studying in the afternoon and tutorial before dinner. Scholars' Formal was rather enjoyable - great conversation and 2 seats away from the Dean paired with generous servings of wine. 

04/02 - Chill day, ended with formal at St Hugh's. Tried the scooter thing for the first time. Should have taken my bike anyways, had the wheel not been bent earlier in the morning. Lunch at SBS. Tried to fix my bike in the afternoon but ended up breaking 2 spokes on the wheel. 

05/02 - Must have been one of the busiest days this term. Had 8(!) events on my schedule - 5 hours of lectures, 2 tutorials and 2 events in the evening. I must say the lecture on agentic AI was rather deja vu. Calligraphy at SBS was fun and maths games night turned out quite well indeed. 

06/02

07/02 - Dinner with Judy at Fusion House. First time I had a in-depth conversation with her, found her worthy of further investigation, especially on her ideas of Taoist philosophy and 八字. 

08/02

09/02

10/02

11/02

12/02 - G Research quiz was memorable. 

13/02 - Karaoke at red star. 

14/02 - Had a drink with Chris at night, ostensibly in lieu of Valentines. Bitterly cold, freezing in the Bear despite wearing all my layers and a scarf. 

15/02 - Heard some OSG (Chinese career service) propaganda in the afternoon in exchange for milk tea. Managed to obtain Ashley's side of the story on Will - poor guy indeed. Advised her to break it off.

16/02

17/02 - Helped out at stargazing - first time in a while, should go more often in accordance with my duties. Nebula came over at night and we opened the bottle of wine. RX was being very accommodating as usual. 

18/02 - Mildly sunny afternoon walk in uni parks. Finally got my bike back from the bike shop, set me back £60 to replace the rear wheel. Clealy my bike has not taken too well to my masochistic attitudes to exercise. 

19/02 - Busy day but skipped the design project lecture as usual. 

20/02 - Delightful tutorial on rings and modules. Sam is the only tutor I had willing to go way beyond the syllabus. No regrets on auditing this course - maths was never about utility anyways. 

21/02 - Slept in since there are no more lectures on integral transforms. Started some work in the afternoon on ADS, made a new batch of 酒酿. Coffee chat with Jump Trading - pleasant conversation but though I appreciate the gesture, I found it baffling that a company with so many qualified applicants would go around having individualised coffee chats. Seems rather unscalable? Dinner with Ms Judy at Edamame - interesting but nothing too engaging; status quo. Can't seem to spot many angles of attack - she has her priorities and so do I. N, Emmy-CY and Luke came over again for cards (bridge, for once!) and played a proper game of contract. RX clearly pulling out all the stops. Must have convinced him to take action soon with my analogy of collapsing the quantum state before it evolves beyond control. 

22/02 - Exhausting morning run to Bicester and probably the longest run of my life so far. Mild and sunny weather, some showers in the afternoon but fortunately didn't get soaked. RX clearly cooking his way with Operation Orion. Dinner number two with Nicholas ended with some tea spilling about my reservations on RX. I've been slightly irked with his obsession of N and the overt displays of chivalrous consideration. Personally I find being 服侍 rather patronising, and in turn I do not go out of my way to serve others. 

23/02 - Found myself typing this on the Eurostar to Amsterdam - a very pleasant journey indeed. Had a glass of white wine to start the day, looking forward to the evening in Amsterdam. 

24/02 - Must have injured my left foot somehow on the run, now the outer edge of my foot hurts when being stood or walked on. As if I am walking with a ball of innervated dough on my sole. Also my train from Amsterdam to Brussels was cancelled, so had to book a last minute flight. Travel is unpredictable as always, but not so entertaining when one cannot move without pain.